The first thing that is made is the Folder class. The folder class has 3 attributes, self.name, self.files, and self.subfolders. After those 3 attributes are created, the methods for the folder class need to be added. The folder class includes the methods add_file, add_subfolder, select_folder, __found_files, __eq__, __len__, and __str__. All these methods are made inside the folder class. Add_file, add_subfolder, select_subfolder are all directly accessible from the interactive menu. __count_files uses recursion and is implemented into the __len__ method which is linked to the “Print objects in Folder” menu option which prints all files and subfolders added to the root folder. __eq__ is used to compare if a folder and string are equal by name, this is used in finding if a subfolder already exists in the folder so we can navigate to it and add objects to it. __str__ returns string representations of the folder including the folder name, its files, and subfolders. This is used in the “Print Folder” option of the menu which indents each object as it is added to the root folder. Next the File Manager class is created. This class has the attributes self.root_folder and self.current_folder. The root folder is the start folder, and the current folder is the uses current folder/subfolder. The methods that are associated with the file manager class are select_folder (which looks for a subfolder names and if it is found makes that the current folder) and the start method, which initiates the interactive menu. The interactive menu displays six options, add a file, add a subfolder, navigate to a subfolder, print the entire folder hierarchy, print the total number of objects, and exit the program. The final lines of code are for the program execution. 
